[music]
the area of ​​forest fires a due to dry grosso in yakutia per day
my dear viewers, we are honestly talking about these terrible fires, but
figure per day in yakutia, the area of ​​fires increased by 9 thousand hectares
9000 fire all burning ecology yes yakutia far from other regions
well, what goes into the atmosphere 9 thousand hectares per day normal
prepared in russia for the summer season still the same question why lukashenka did
forests like in yakutia lukashenka never burns, but we have every year
Likud Krasnoyarsk Irkutsk Region as the head of Cyc Panfilov did today
a historic statement on suddenly realized that the upcoming elections will be incredible
difficult they will pass in an unfavorable external environment will lay the foundation
electoral cycle up to 24 years, they will be held under the cameras and over each ballot box
the law does not prohibit the camera will work that there was no falsification
but smaller and these cameras will be displayed live on a variety of Internet
resources and if somewhere someone appears something like that does not do it at night in two
days and three nights there a three-day vote virtually all of this will be
everyone is visible and this means that criminal cases are massive
will be if there will be falsification and criminal cases not any fool wants
risk it to get 10-15 years in prison and throw away ballots
there are other control systems of the 21st century from satellites in general, everyone says a joke
it will be seen that it will be very difficult to draw protocols in advance to throw out the bulletin
the main thing is where they want to do it all over the country so that they can sit down after all
power is so easy left and right until the situation becomes every day
more interesting and interesting and especially by the way around the game of Maxim Shevchenko
because Maxim is already threatening with criminal cases and dared to hold the congress
whether it is interesting to register his party in the elections or not the next few days are the same
panfilova tsik incredible news vice-governor of st.
health care oleg ergashev came out of vacation ahead of schedule it's time
vice-governor of St. Petersburg for health care on our channel
state secret i am on the platform guard him alexandrovich k
will tell today what he saw with his own eyes
will tell about what he heard with his own ears, including the statement of the academician
alexander ginzburg about the satellite vaccine and the delta headquarters disk
I will not say anything more, not enough strikes on the platforms of Andrey Karlov
state secret channel sensational interview Professor Olechka is one of the most
honest people in our country, so he was not afraid to say what is first of all
give away and can a satellite at least a satellite
to defeat the delta in fact what the creators of the satellite think so here
vice-governor of st. petersburg oleg ergashev accomplished a real feat came out of
vacation [ __ ] the situation in the city is uneasy in
on the basis of official figures how many deaths from this duty from this day
duties in the field of health care were removed from the vice-governor of Beletskiy so
how Irgashev came out of vacation said one of the sources
On June 15, smash the waves under the smoke and Ergashev unexpectedly went on vacation for
a month but thought that they were simply fired, well, until they fired from the Crimea with a virus
Ombudsman Moskalkov was hospitalized, the information confirmed it
raccoon press secretary kristina simonyan has not yet answered our question what
the vaccine was injected by Tatyana Nikolaevna Moskalkova, for sure a scale with some
the vaccine is a [ __ ] obedient woman and respects the president very much loves the goal not
could disobey got from coronavirus let's try to find out tomorrow what
Prior to this disease, Putin is flying to Kemerovo
aex coordinator of Navalny's Kemerovo headquarters delay before Putin's visit
what they do narrow down to Putin you can treat whatever you like everyone treats
serve this human right, but Putin flies to Kemerovo to the people after a direct
there is no line in order for people to be imprisoned there in Kemerovo before his arrival so that these
people did not rush out to Putin for any meeting with these meetings
will be held in a free communication mode for the sake of which, as I understand it, he is coming here
after the straight line which he asked how many questions did Putin put
the channel did not hesitate to ask these questions they put people in a keller
particular once again the x coordinate of the Kemerovo headquarters to your no headquarters
no, before the war, activist stanislav was also detained in prison
kalinichenko expect the president of russia oh brave good guy the weather stood up
because of the guys from Siberia, legal human rights defenders who in winter
closed the FSB in a detention center there exposes without human treatment wrote on
Facebook founder of the gulagu defensive human rights project no misfire
the information was confirmed by the telegram-channel Kuzbass without a fool ate a visit to Putin
people are being shoved into jail ok finally Putin signed the law on
extrajudicial blocking of a resource containing defamatory amendments
a federal law on information technology and information protection is introduced immediately
the victim must write a statement in the text of the document and confirm that
information published on the Internet denigrates his honor and dignity, or
undermines his reputation then the prosecutor's office will check the application
facts 10 days and will issue conclusions within five days, the Attorney General and his
the deputy check the validity of the decision of the regional prosecutor's office and
will transfer this to Roskomnadzor with the requirement to delete the information site
will have to delete it otherwise they may block the page I wonder if
this is a deliberately false denunciation, an attempt to slap the hands of journalists.
this law does not contradict another law we already have in the criminal code
obstacles to work journalist how easy it is to take paper to the circus nonsense and risk
where he does not understand, or the prosecutor general is busy or his deputy is wrong
check the validity and so on
the cross must be all added up until the governor of the kuban instructs the contract
maybe it used to be guys when like a pen to prepare for the evacuation of people from
of possible flooding sites to prepare a point for their temporary placement and
rainstorms ladies we somehow once sochi never stood in front of a truck
fathers and in the forty-first never that just never happened to people
Sochi hint that you are getting ready don't even hint already
but the mayor of sochi dig urban on the internet channel russia 24
said that by tomorrow the city will be in full order with this evacuation
in the flooded areas in the Angarsk Khosta districts, especially it
monstrous all the beaches in sochi are closed strong that
but the main thing is that the coastal strip of a heavily littered mountain river is carried into the sea
fallen trees, branches as well as construction debris, which, as
Crimea was taken to the mountains, just dumped there in a garbage dump, they did this garbage with
mountains descended back to the evacuation people another Sverdlovsk region kubish
Governor got government and oversees children from two holiday camps
300 people in the area of ​​the upper gardens also rained, too, are not ready for these rains
not ready here neither Blagoveshchensk not ready nor brick ready nor Yalta
now Sochi Adler District Rospotrebnadzor has assessed the damage to the economy
from to a view of almost 1 trillion rubles and the authorities of the Angara region are begging to show him
other regions of the Irkutsk region are asking for help in the supply of oxygen for his food
damn what is going on in hospitals places our viewers did not dissuade
enough oxygen for ventilators
archive the governor of the irkutsk region helped the region kobzev asked for help in the neighboring
regions where you used to be in Irkutsk gentlemen not for the first year by the way
the doctor named the causes of fainting after vaccination from to type andrey quotes on
with severe stress to the dacha, the human nervous system may be in
stressed man who came to be vaccinated against tap viral
infection can lose consciousness is it only the stress of the case of the authorities in Moscow
closed the vaccination station in the gum
as the bar of the city with sobyanin reported on his blog, small premises are no longer
hinder those who wish, therefore it is impossible to ensure social distance from ha
the usual point of the transferred gostinny yard on our canal state
the secret on the platform guard St. Petersburg professor alexandrovich com will tell
everything tomorrow is absolutely everything that happens in the hospitals of St. Petersburg in reality
interview season of a man who is not afraid to say what he sees with his
he hears with his eyes and what he hears with my ears
on the air, including on our air, but we still publish it all on
guard platform fortunately guard platform is not a mass media
information about just in case, but as they say, maybe we are
I don’t remember the media right now I need to look in the documents but
you can find a way out of any situation that's why the guard's uniform appeared
what and what lines from youtube to us for the truth about
to the form are not scary now